
Coding Validation	Excellence	Merit	Achieved	N/A
25%				
There are no errors in the HTML, CSS or other coding on the site as found by me or an online validator.	There are 1-3 coding errors on the site as found by me or an online validator.	There are 4-5 coding errors on the site as found by me or an online validator.	There are more than 6 coding errors on the site as found by me or an online validator.
Layout/Design	Excellence	Merit	Achieved	N/A
25%				
The web site has an exceptionally attractive and usable layout. It is easy to locate all important information. White space, graphic elements and/or alignment are used effectively to organize material.	The web site has an attractive and usable layout. It is easy to locate all important information.	The web site has a usable layout, but may appear busy or boring. It is easy to locate most of the important information.	The web site has a cluttered look and is confusing. It is often difficult to locate important information.
Cascading Style Sheet	Excellence	Merit	Achieved	N/A
20%				
Student uses a style sheet to define attributes (along with some inline style), which makes all pages attractive looking and consistent.	Student uses a style sheet, however there is some inconsistencies in relation to the styles on each page in the web site.	Student uses a style sheet, however, it is not consistent on all pages, which disrupts consistency of pages within the web site.	Student fails to use a style sheet within the pages of the web site.
Navigation	Excellence	Merit	Achieved	N/A
15%				
Links for navigation are clearly labeled, consistently placed, allow the reader to easily move from a page to related pages and take reader where he expects to go. A user does not become lost.	Links for navigation are clearly labeled, allow the reader to easily move from page to page and internal links take the reader where he expects to go. A user rarely becomes lost.	Links for navigation ake the reader where expected, but some needed links seem to be missing. A user sometimes gets lost.	Some links do not take the reader to the sites/pages described. A user typically feels lost.
Graphics	Excellence	Merit	Achieved	N/A
15%				
Graphics are related to the theme or purpose of the site, are of high quality and enhance reader interest or understanding.	Graphics are related to the theme or purpose of the site, are of good quality and enhance reader interest or understanding.	Graphics are of fair design, unoriginal, with elements that need enhancing such as red eye, etc.	Graphics are poor design, unoriginal or borrowed work that need major enhancements such as red eye, improved cropping, etc.
